Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.40-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                            1.3.40-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
HandBrake.x86_64                                     1.8.2-1.fc40                                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.12.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-6.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.12-6.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.13-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.13-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                   2.2.1-10.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
SDL2.i686                                            2.30.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.2-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-37.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc40                @updates                                          
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  2:1.12.2-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240116.2-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
accounts-qml-module-qt6.x86_64                       0.7^20231216.05e79eb-3.fc40                      @fedora                                           
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.13.9-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20231115-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20231115-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-7.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                         
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          46.2-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            46.2-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
akmod-wl.x86_64                                      6.30.223.271-53.fc40                             @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                        
akmods.noarch                                        0.5.8-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2024.09-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
alsa-tools.x86_64                                    1.2.11-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.27-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
amtk.x86_64                                          5.6.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
anaconda.x86_64                                      40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-live.noarch                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
ancient-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.60-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.60-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-16.fc40                                        @updates                                          
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-8.fc40                            @updates                                          
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-38.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
appstream-data.noarch                                40-8.fc40                                        @updates                                          
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
aquamarine.x86_64                                    0.4.3-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
ark.x86_64                                           24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
ark-libs.x86_64                                      24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
atk.i686                                             2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
atk.x86_64                                           2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
audit-libs.i686                                      4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-0.1.20240903git2de06e0.fc40               @updates                                          
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
autoconf.noarch                                      2.71-10.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-16.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-glib.i686                                      0.8-26.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.8-26.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
b43-firmware.noarch                                  6.30.163.46-13.fc40                              @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                        
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-36.fc40                                      @updates                                          
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-33.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
baobab.x86_64                                        46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
basesystem.noarch                                    11-20.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-14.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-21.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.28-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.28-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
binutils.x86_64                                      2.41-37.fc40                                     @updates                                          
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.41-37.fc40                                     @updates                                          
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.10.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
blueman.x86_64                                       1:2.4.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
blueman-nautilus.noarch                              1:2.4.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
blueman-nemo.noarch                                  1:2.4.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
bluez.x86_64                                         5.78-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.78-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.78-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.8-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                         
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
brightnessctl.x86_64                                 0.5.1-11.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-13.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
broadcom-bt-firmware.noarch                          12.0.1.1105-15.fc40                              @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                        
broadcom-wl.noarch                                   6.30.223.271-23.fc40                             @rpmfusion-nonfree                                
brotli.x86_64                                        1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
btop.x86_64                                          1.3.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.11-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
byacc.x86_64                                         2.0.20230521-5.fc40                              @fedora                                           
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ca-certificates.noarch                               2024.2.69_v8.0.401-1.0.fc40                      @updates                                          
cabextract.x86_64                                    1.11-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
cairo.i686                                           1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
cairomm1.16.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
capstone.x86_64                                      5.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
catdoc.x86_64                                        0.95-17.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
cava.x86_64                                          0.9.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
cbonsai.x86_64                                       1.3.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
ccache.x86_64                                        4.9.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                 10.2-44.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-44.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
celluloid.x86_64                                     0.27-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
chafa.x86_64                                         1.10.3-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
chafa-libs.x86_64                                    1.10.3-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.27-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
chrony.x86_64                                        4.6.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
cinnamon-desktop.x86_64                              6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cinnamon-translations.noarch                         6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.18-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:45-4.fc40                                      @updates                                          
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:45-4.fc40                                      @updates                                          
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40              @anaconda                                         
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40              @anaconda                                         
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-13.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-18.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
cmake.x86_64                                         3.30.5-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.30.5-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.30.5-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.30.5-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
cmark-lib.x86_64                                     0.30.3-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-10.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-33.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.7-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-25.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
composefs.x86_64                                     1.0.3-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.12-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.233.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
containers-common.noarch                             5:0.60.4-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
containers-common-extra.noarch                       5:0.60.4-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
copyq.x86_64                                         9.1.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.4-8.fc40                                       @updates                                          
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.4-8.fc40                                       @updates                                          
cowsay.noarch                                        3.8.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
cpp.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
criu.x86_64                                          4.0-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
criu-libs.x86_64                                     4.0-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
crun.x86_64                                          1.17-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
crypto-policies.noarch                               20241011-1.git5930b9a.fc40                       @updates                                          
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20241011-1.git5930b9a.fc40                       @updates                                          
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-26.fc40                                     @updates                                          
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-4.fc40                                   @updates                                          
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.11-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
curl.x86_64                                          8.6.0-10.fc40                                    @updates                                          
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      80-1.fc40                                        @updates                                          
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
daala-libs.x86_64                                    0-27.20200724git694d4ce.fc40                     @fedora                                           
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   80-1.fc40                                        @updates                                          
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-2.fc40                                        @updates                                          
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.112-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.34.20160218.fc40                         @fedora                                           
dconf.i686                                           0.40.0-12.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
dconf-editor.x86_64                                  45.0.1-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
ddcutil.x86_64                                       2.1.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-18.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                                          
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     40.0.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.199-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.199-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.199-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.199-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.7-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                              @anaconda                                         
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                              @anaconda                                         
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.105-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-9.fc40                                    @updates                                          
dkms.noarch                                          3.1.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.3-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.8.3-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.8.3-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-85.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-22.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-11.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-35.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
dotnet-host.x86_64                                   9.0.0~rc.1.24431.7-0.11.fc40                     @updates                                          
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.35-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.35-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
dracut.x86_64                                        102-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          102-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
dracut-live.x86_64                                   102-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
dracut-network.x86_64                                102-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 102-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
duktape.i686                                         2.7.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
dunst.x86_64                                         1.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
dvdauthor.x86_64                                     0.7.2-23.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                              0.2.2-27.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.9-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20240813-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-11.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-11.fc40                                        @fedora                                           
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-6.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
efitools.x86_64                                      1.9.2-9.fc38                                     @fedora                                           
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-2.fc40                                        @updates                                          
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                      0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.192-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-9.fc40                                    @updates                                          
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.6.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:46.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.11-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evince.x86_64                                        46.3.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evince-libs.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evince-previewer.x86_64                              46.3.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            46.3.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evolution.x86_64                                     3.52.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.52.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.52.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
evolution-langpacks.noarch                           3.52.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
exif.x86_64                                          0.6.22-9.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
expat.i686                                           2.6.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
f40-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         40.2.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.11.1-2.fc40                                  @rpmfusion-free                                   
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.36-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.36-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
fastapi-cli.noarch                                   0.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fastapi-cli-slim.noarch                              0.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fastfetch.x86_64                                     2.27.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fcft.x86_64                                          3.1.8-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
fdk-aac-free.i686                                    2.0.0-13.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-30.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        3.0-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  3.0-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-8.fc40                                         @anaconda                                         
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               40-2                                             @updates                                          
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fedora-release-common.noarch                         40-39                                            @updates                                          
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           40-39                                            @updates                                          
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    40-39                                            @updates                                          
fedora-repos.noarch                                  40-2                                             @updates                                          
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.6-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
ffmpeg.x86_64                                        6.1.2-2.fc40                                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   6.1.2-2.fc40                                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
ffmpegthumbnailer.x86_64                             2.2.3-0.7.20240104git1b5a779.fc40                @rpmfusion-free                                   
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-12.fc40                                   @updates                                          
file.x86_64                                          5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
file-roller.x86_64                                   44.3-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                          44.3-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-9.fc40                                   @updates                                          
fira-code-fonts.noarch                               6.2-8.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
firewalld.noarch                                     2.1.4-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.1.4-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fish.x86_64                                          3.7.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
flac-libs.i686                                       1.4.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.10-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.10-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.10-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.10-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
flatseal.noarch                                      2.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-16.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flexiblas-openblas-serial.x86_64                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.8-9.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                        3.1-32.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                            3.1-32.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                            3.1-32.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
fmt.x86_64                                           10.2.1-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
folder-color-switcher.noarch                         1.6.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
folder-color-switcher-nemo.noarch                    1.6.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.9-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
fontawesome-6-brands-fonts.noarch                    1:6.6.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
fontawesome-6-free-fonts.noarch                      1:6.6.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
fontconfig.i686                                      2.15.0-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.15.0-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-14.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-14.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fortune-mod.x86_64                                   3.20.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-12.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
freecell-solver-data.noarch                          6.8.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:3.9.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
freetype.i686                                        2.13.2-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.2-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.2-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.3.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fros.noarch                                          1.1-35.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-35.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.13-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                    3.7.3-9.fc40                                     @updates                                          
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
fuzzel.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.26-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.26-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.26-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.26-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
fzf.x86_64                                           0.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
galculator.x86_64                                    2.1.4-20.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gamescope.x86_64                                     3.15.13-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-26.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gcc.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gcc-debuginfo.x86_64                                 14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates-debuginfo                                
gcc-debugsource.x86_64                               14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates-debuginfo                                
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gcr.x86_64                                           4.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gd.i686                                              2.3.3-16.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gdb.x86_64                                           15.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  15.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
gdm.x86_64                                           1:46.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-15.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gedit.x86_64                                         2:46.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-54.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-12.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-12.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.9.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                                          
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                                          
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                                          
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
git.x86_64                                           2.47.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
git-core.x86_64                                      2.47.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.47.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gjs.x86_64                                           1.80.2-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-31.20190306.fc40                             @fedora                                           
glances.noarch                                       4.0.5-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glib.x86_64                                          1:1.2.10-73.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
glib-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.2.10-73.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
glib-networking.i686                                 2.80.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
glib2.i686                                           2.80.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
glib2.x86_64                                         2.80.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.80.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
glibc.i686                                           2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc.x86_64                                         2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-debuginfo.x86_64                               2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates-debuginfo                                
glibc-debugsource.x86_64                             2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates-debuginfo                                
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.39-22.fc40                                     @updates                                          
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.7-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.80.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
glmark2.x86_64                                       2023.01-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
glmark2-common.noarch                                2023.01-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
glycin-loaders.x86_64                                1.0.1-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gmp.i686                                             1:6.2.1-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-5.fc40                                         @fedora                                           
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:46.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:46.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-characters.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-classic-session-xsession.noarch                46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-connections.x86_64                             46.0-3.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               46.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           46.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    45.0-3.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    46.12-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
gnome-mines.x86_64                                   40.1-8.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.50.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-session.x86_64                                 46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   46.6-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         46.0-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-software.x86_64                                46.5-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-software-fedora-langpacks.x86_64               46.5-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.50.1-8.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.50.1-8.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             46.3-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    46.0-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               46.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnome-weather.noarch                                 46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                             1.29.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
gnutls.i686                                          3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.5.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.5.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.80.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                   1.80.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
golang.x86_64                                        1.22.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.22.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
golang-src.noarch                                    1.22.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gom.x86_64                                           0.5.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.24.20130920.fc40                         @anaconda                                         
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.18.20130214.fc40                       @anaconda                                         
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-19.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20231130-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.14-4.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-46.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
graphene.i686                                        1.10.6-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.14-15.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-15.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-15.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
graphviz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-7.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
grim.x86_64                                          1.4.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                                          
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-75.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
gsl.x86_64                                           2.7.1-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gsm.i686                                             1.0.22-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gsmartcontrol.x86_64                                 1.1.4-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                         1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gthumb.x86_64                                        1:3.12.6-1.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
gtk-layer-shell.x86_64                               0.8.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-18.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
gtk3.i686                                            3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.14.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.9-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gtkmm4.0.x86_64                                      4.14.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.12.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-48.20121130.fc40                           @anaconda                                         
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.7-12.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.54.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
gvisor-tap-vsock.x86_64                              6:0.7.5-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gvisor-tap-vsock-gvforwarder.x86_64                  6:0.7.5-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
hardinfo2.x86_64                                     2.1.17-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
harfbuzz.i686                                        8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
hddtemp.x86_64                                       0.3-0.56.beta15.fc40                             @fedora                                           
helvum.x86_64                                        0.5.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-31.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-18.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
hidapi.x86_64                                        0.14.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-19.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
highlight.x86_64                                     4.12-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
highway.i686                                         1.2.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
hiredis.x86_64                                       1.0.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
hplip.x86_64                                         3.24.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.24.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.24.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
htop.x86_64                                          3.3.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-11.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.62-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.62-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.62-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.62-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
hwdata.noarch                                        0.388-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.11.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                                         
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                                         
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                                         
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                                         
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                                         
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
hyprcursor.x86_64                                    0.1.10-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprland-git.x86_64                                  0.44.1^31.gitd679d20-1.fc40                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprlang.x86_64                                      0.5.3-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprlock.x86_64                                      0.5.0-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprpaper.x86_64                                     0.7.1-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprpicker.x86_64                                    0.4.1-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprshot.noarch                                      1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
hyprutils.x86_64                                     0.2.3-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.3-10.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.18-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-16.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
indent.x86_64                                        2.2.13-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-16.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
inkscape.x86_64                                      1.4-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
inkscape-libs.x86_64                                 1.4-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.3.20-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              24.2.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
inxi.noarch                                          3.3.36-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
iperf3.x86_64                                        3.16-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.19-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.28-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
iproute.x86_64                                       6.7.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.7.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
ipset.x86_64                                         7.21-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.21-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
iputils.x86_64                                       20240117-4.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20240119-1.gitde8a0821.fc40                      @fedora                                           
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40                       @anaconda                                         
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40                       @anaconda                                         
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
iw.x86_64                                            6.7-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                     1.9.22-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.5.0.11-1.fc40                             @updates                                          
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.46.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
javascriptcoregtk4.1-devel.x86_64                    2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-29.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-29.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-41.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-7.fc40                                     @updates                                          
json-c.i686                                          0.17-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
json-glib.i686                                       1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-8.fc40                                   @updates                                          
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kaccounts-integration-qt6.x86_64                     24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-47.fc40                                      @updates                                          
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-47.fc40                                      @updates                                          
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                 6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kde-connect.x86_64                                   24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kde-connect-libs.x86_64                              24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kde-connect-nautilus.x86_64                          24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-3.fc40                                         @fedora                                           
kde-settings.noarch                                  40.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
kdeconnectd.x86_64                                   24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                        24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kdenlive.x86_64                                      24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kdesu.x86_64                                         1:6.2.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kdsoap-ws-discovery-client.x86_64                    0.4.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
kdsoap6.x86_64                                       2.2.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-11.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc40                   @anaconda                                         
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.48-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                        6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel.x86_64                                        6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.12-200.fc40                                 @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.11.3-200.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-23.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.29-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.6.3-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                                 23.08.5-1.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
kf6-attica.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-breeze-icons.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-karchive.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kauth.x86_64                                     6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kbookmarks.x86_64                                6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcmutils.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcodecs.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcolorscheme.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcompletion.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kconfig.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcontacts.x86_64                                 6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kcrash.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kdeclarative.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kdesu.x86_64                                     6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kdnssd.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kdoctools.x86_64                                 6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kguiaddons.x86_64                                6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-ki18n.x86_64                                     6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kiconthemes.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-core.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-doc.noarch                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-gui.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-widgets.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kirigami.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kirigami-addons.x86_64                           1.4.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kitemviews.x86_64                                6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-knewstuff.x86_64                                 6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-knotifications.x86_64                            6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-knotifyconfig.x86_64                             6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kpackage.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kparts.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kpeople.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kpty.x86_64                                      6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kservice.x86_64                                  6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kstatusnotifieritem.x86_64                       6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-ksvg.x86_64                                      6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kwallet.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                           6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-prison.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-purpose.x86_64                                   6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-solid.x86_64                                     6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-sonnet.x86_64                                    6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-sonnet-hunspell.x86_64                           6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-syndication.x86_64                               6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kf6-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       6.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kitty.x86_64                                         0.36.4-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
kitty-kitten.x86_64                                  0.36.4-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
kitty-shell-integration.noarch                       0.36.4-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.36.4-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
kmod.x86_64                                          31-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     31-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
kmod-wl-6.10.12-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64               6.30.223.271-53.fc40                             @@commandline                                     
kmod-wl-6.11.3-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64                6.30.223.271-53.fc40                             @@commandline                                     
kmod-wl-6.11.4-201.fc40.x86_64.x86_64                6.30.223.271-53.fc40                             @@commandline                                     
kmodtool.noarch                                      1.1-10.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
kora-icon-theme.noarch                               1.6.1-1.fc40                                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:hazel-bunny:ricing
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.7-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
kpat.x86_64                                          24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.21.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
kseexpr.x86_64                                       4.0.4.0-5.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
kvantum.x86_64                                       1.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kvantum-data.noarch                                  1.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kvantum-qt5.x86_64                                   1.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
kvantum-theme-libadwaita.noarch                      0.0-2.20240316git87c1ef9.fc40                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:hazel-bunny:ricing
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-17.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                                          
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
lazygit.x86_64                                       0.44.0-1.fc40                                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit      
lcms2.i686                                           2.16-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
less.x86_64                                          643-6.fc40                                       @updates                                          
lib2geom.x86_64                                      1.4-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libFAudio.i686                                       23.07-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libFAudio.x86_64                                     23.07-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libX11.i686                                          1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.10-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXau.i686                                          1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.15-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXcursor.i686                                      1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXext.i686                                         1.3.6-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.6-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXfixes.i686                                       6.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               6.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXft.i686                                          2.3.8-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.8-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXi.i686                                           1.8.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.8.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXpm.i686                                          3.5.17-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-21.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libXv.i686                                           1.0.12-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.12-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-48.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-15.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                              1.25-15.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libaccounts-qt6.x86_64                               1.16^20231010.211051.29fd38e-4.fc40              @fedora                                           
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.5.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-19.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-27.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libaom.i686                                          3.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libaom.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libappindicator-gtk3-devel.x86_64                    12.10.1-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.2-7.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-28.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-28.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-28.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-22.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libavdevice.x86_64                                   6.1.2-2.fc40                                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
libavif.i686                                         1.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libavif.x86_64                                       1.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libblack-hole-solver1.x86_64                         1.12.0-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libblkid.i686                                        2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.2.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libbrotli.i686                                       1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-33.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.12.2-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-99.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40                            @fedora                                           
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-35.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-35.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-35.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcap.i686                                          2.69-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libcap.x86_64                                        2.69-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libcap-ng.i686                                       0.8.4-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-43.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-12.fc40                               @updates                                          
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-17.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libcloudproviders.i686                               0.3.5-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                       0.3.5-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libcom_err.i686                                      1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcue.x86_64                                        2.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1~b1-3.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libcurl-minimal.i686                                 8.6.0-10.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               8.6.0-10.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-29.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libdatachannel.x86_64                                0.20.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.13-9.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-9.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libdav1d.i686                                        1.4.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-62.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-27.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libdbusmenu-devel.x86_64                             16.04.0-27.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-11.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libde265.x86_64                                      1.0.15-2.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free                                   
libdecor.i686                                        0.2.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libdeflate.x86_64                                    1.22-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libdiscid.x86_64                                     0.6.4-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.13-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libdmtx.x86_64                                       0.7.7-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.123-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.123-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.123-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-11.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-35.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.5-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libebur128.x86_64                                    1.2.6-9.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libeconf.i686                                        0.6.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libedit.i686                                         3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40                          @updates                                          
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40                          @updates                                          
libei.x86_64                                         1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libeis.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-31.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.10-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.10-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-5.fc40                @anaconda                                         
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-11.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libevent.i686                                        2.1.12-12.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libexif.i686                                         0.6.24-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libfakekey.x86_64                                    0.3-19.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.8-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libffi.i686                                          3.4.4-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.14.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libfreecell-solver.x86_64                            6.8.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-12.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-12.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libgcc.i686                                          14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libgcc-debuginfo.x86_64                              14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates-debuginfo                                
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-31.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libgedit-gtksourceview.x86_64                        299.0.5-1.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libgfortran.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libgnome-games-support1.x86_64                       1.8.2-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.49-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libgphoto2.i686                                      2.5.31-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-51.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-19.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.53-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.3-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libgudev.i686                                        238-5.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libgusb.i686                                         0.4.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libgweather.x86_64                                   4.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-31.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.3-10.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libibverbs.i686                                      48.0-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libibverbs.x86_64                                    48.0-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.18-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.18-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libicu.i686                                          74.2-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  74.2-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libid3tag.x86_64                                     0.16.3-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libidn2.i686                                         2.3.7-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-34.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-43.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-22.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libimagequant.i686                                   4.0.3-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-4.fc40                  @anaconda                                         
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libinput.x86_64                                      1.26.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.20.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libjxl.i686                                          1:0.8.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-29.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.5.0-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libkcapi-hasher.x86_64                               1.5.0-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.5.0-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libkdegames.x86_64                                   24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libkexiv2-qt6.x86_64                                 24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.6-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libkworkspace6.x86_64                                6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
liblc3.i686                                          1.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libldac.i686                                         2.0.2.3-15.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-15.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libldb.x86_64                                        2.9.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
liblerc.i686                                         4.0.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libliftoff.x86_64                                    0.4.1-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libluv.x86_64                                        1.48.0.2-1.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libmad.x86_64                                        0.16.4-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libmediainfo.x86_64                                  24.04-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-9.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-19.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-12.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libmount.i686                                        2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.3.0-0.4.20110810svn475.fc40                    @updates                                          
libmpdclient.x86_64                                  2.22-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-29.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.12.alpha.fc40                           @anaconda                                         
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-32.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-11.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.3.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libnatpmp.x86_64                                     20230423-5.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.20.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-9.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libnet.x86_64                                        1.3-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-27.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.8.1-0.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.59.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.59.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnghttp2-devel.x86_64                              1.59.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libnl3.i686                                          3.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libobjc.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.5-8.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.11.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpcap.i686                                         14:1.10.5-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.5-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-12.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-12.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libpeas1.x86_64                                      1.36.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpeas1-gtk.x86_64                                  1.36.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpeas1-loader-python3.x86_64                       1.36.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-8.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.35-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.338.2-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libplasma.x86_64                                     6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libpmem.x86_64                                       2.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.40-3.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.40-3.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libportal.x86_64                                     0.8.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.8.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.8.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1~b1-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libpq.x86_64                                         16.4-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libproxy.i686                                        0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libpsl.i686                                          0.21.5-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libpsl-devel.x86_64                                  0.21.5-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                               1.8.0-9.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libquadmath.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-26.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.14.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
librados2.x86_64                                     2:18.2.4-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libratbag-ratbagd.x86_64                             0.17-6.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-20.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:18.2.4-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
librdmacm.x86_64                                     48.0-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-2.fc40                                @updates                                          
librepo.x86_64                                       1.18.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                                          
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                2.57.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.29-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.24.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libsbc.i686                                          2.0-4.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libseat.x86_64                                       0.8.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libselinux.i686                                      3.7-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.7-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.7-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.7-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libsepol.i686                                        3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2024.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.6.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libsndfile.i686                                      1.2.2-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.30-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libsoup3.i686                                        3.4.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libsoup3-devel.x86_64                                3.4.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-15.20200406gitd926a2e.fc40                   @updates                                          
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libstdc++.i686                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libstdc++-debuginfo.x86_64                           14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates-debuginfo                                
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               14.2.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libstemmer.i686                                      2.2.0-10.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libtasn1.i686                                        4.19.0-6.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libtdb.i686                                          1.4.10-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.10-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-7.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libthai.i686                                         0.1.29-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtheora.i686                                       1:1.1.1-36.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-36.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libtiff.i686                                         4.6.0-5.fc40.1                                   @updates                                          
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-5.fc40.1                                   @updates                                          
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.6.0-5.fc40.1                                   @updates                                          
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-28.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.6-0.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-10.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.7-10.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.8.2-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libtracker-sparql.i686                               3.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.22.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libunibreak.x86_64                                   6.1-1.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libunistring.i686                                    1.1-7.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-7.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libunwind.i686                                       1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.20-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-54.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                             0.1.8-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libusb1.i686                                         1.0.27-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-5.fc40                  @anaconda                                         
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libuuid.i686                                         2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.49.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libv4l.i686                                          1.28.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libva.i686                                           2.21.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libva.x86_64                                         2.21.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      24.2.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libva-utils.x86_64                                   2.21.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
libverto.i686                                        0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libvirt-client.x86_64                                10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  10.1.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libvisual.i686                                       1:0.4.1-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.14-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.7-10.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-10.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.13.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.14.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3.3-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-client.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-server.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
libwebp.i686                                         1.3.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:3.9.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libxcb.i686                                          1.17.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libxdo.x86_64                                        1:3.20211022.1-5.fc40                            @fedora                                           
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libxkbcommon.i686                                    1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.42.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libxml2.i686                                         2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.21-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.42-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libytnef.x86_64                                      1:2.1.2-2.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
libzen.x86_64                                        0.4.41-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-34.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-39.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
linux-firmware.noarch                                20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-42.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
live555.x86_64                                       2023.06.20-4.fc40                                @fedora                                           
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
llhttp.x86_64                                        9.2.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
llvm-libs.i686                                       18.1.8-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     18.1.8-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-18.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                 3.6.0-18.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
lockdev.i686                                         1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40                      @fedora                                           
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40                      @anaconda                                         
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
loupe.x86_64                                         46.2-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-64.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
lsb_release.noarch                                   3.3-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.20-3.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
lsscsi.x86_64                                        0.32-11.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-50.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.7-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-13.fc40                                        @fedora                                           
lua5.1-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.1.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.1720049189-1.fc40                            @updates                                          
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.48.0.2-1.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
lutris.x86_64                                        0.5.17-8.fc40                                    @updates                                          
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.25-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.25-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.25-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
lxpolkit.x86_64                                      0.5.5^20230917gite0fffa66-4.fc40                 @fedora                                           
lz4-libs.i686                                        1.9.4-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-14.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-9.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-32.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-38.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-6.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.5-13.fc40                                    @updates                                          
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
man-pages.noarch                                     6.06-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.3.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
media-player-info.noarch                             23-15.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
mediainfo.x86_64                                     24.04-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
meld.noarch                                          3.22.2-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.7.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libGL.i686                                      24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                  24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libglapi.i686                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                       24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                     24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
mesa-vdpau-drivers-freeworld.i686                    24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
mesa-vdpau-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                  24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           24.1.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-61.3.fc40                                  @updates                                          
mingw-binutils-generic.x86_64                        2.41-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
mingw-filesystem-base.noarch                         148-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
mingw32-FAudio.noarch                                23.07-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw32-SDL2.noarch                                  2.28.5-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-crt.noarch                                   11.0.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-filesystem.noarch                            148-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
mingw32-lcms2.noarch                                 2.14-5.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
mingw32-libgcc.x86_64                                14.1.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw32-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw32-libpng.noarch                                1.6.40-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-libstdc++.x86_64                             14.1.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw32-libtiff.noarch                               4.4.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw32-libxml2.noarch                               2.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw32-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.39-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.12-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
mingw32-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-12.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-winpthreads.noarch                           11.0.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw32-zlib.noarch                                  1.3.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
mingw64-FAudio.noarch                                23.07-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw64-SDL2.noarch                                  2.28.5-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-crt.noarch                                   11.0.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-filesystem.noarch                            148-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
mingw64-lcms2.noarch                                 2.14-5.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
mingw64-libgcc.x86_64                                14.1.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw64-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw64-libpng.noarch                                1.6.40-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-libstdc++.x86_64                             14.1.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw64-libtiff.noarch                               4.4.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mingw64-libxml2.noarch                               2.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mingw64-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.39-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.12-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
mingw64-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-12.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-winpthreads.noarch                           11.0.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mingw64-zlib.noarch                                  1.3.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
miniupnpc.x86_64                                     2.2.5-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
minizip-ng-compat.x86_64                             3.0.10-7.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mlt.x86_64                                           7.24.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mlt-qt5.x86_64                                       7.24.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mlt-qt6.x86_64                                       7.24.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-31.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.29-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.62-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
movit.x86_64                                         1.7.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
movit-data.noarch                                    1.7.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-33.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
mozjs115.x86_64                                      115.15.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-19.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.31.3-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mpv.x86_64                                           0.37.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
mpv-libs.x86_64                                      0.37.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-14.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
msgraph.x86_64                                       0.2.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.45-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
mujs.x86_64                                          1.3.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
mutter.x86_64                                        46.6-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
mutter-common.noarch                                 46.6-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-39.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                                          
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                                          
nautilus.x86_64                                      46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
nautilus-python.x86_64                               4.0.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-selinux.noarch                                1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.38.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
ncdu.x86_64                                          1.20-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @fedora                                           
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
ndctl.x86_64                                         80-1.fc40                                        @updates                                          
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    80-1.fc40                                        @updates                                          
nemo.x86_64                                          6.2.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-audio-tab.noarch                                6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-compare.noarch                                  6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-extensions.x86_64                               6.2.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-fileroller.x86_64                               6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-python.x86_64                                   6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-search-helpers.x86_64                           6.2.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nemo-terminal.noarch                                 6.2.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
neovim.x86_64                                        0.10.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nerd-fonts.noarch                                    3.2.1-0.1.fc40                                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:che:nerd-fonts    
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.4-5.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.69.20160912git.fc40                        @anaconda                                         
netavark.x86_64                                      2:1.12.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-6.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
nettle.i686                                          3.9.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.36.0-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.24-3.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
nextcloud-client.x86_64                              3.13.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nextcloud-client-libs.x86_64                         3.13.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nextcloud-client-nautilus.x86_64                     3.13.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nextcloud-client-nemo.x86_64                         3.13.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.8.1-0.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
nmap.x86_64                                          4:7.92-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:20.17.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:20.17.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:20.17.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:20.17.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:10.8.2-1.20.17.0.1.fc40                        @updates                                          
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 6.19.7-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
nouveau-firmware.noarch                              340.32-12.fc40                                   @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                        
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-30.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nss.x86_64                                           3.105.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nss-mdns.i686                                        0.15.1-11.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.105.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.105.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.105.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.105.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                                         
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                                         
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-16.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                                         
nu.x86_64                                            0.96.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-44.20150602git.fc40                          @fedora                                           
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.8-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
nvtop.x86_64                                         3.1.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
obs-cef.x86_64                                       5060^cr103.0.5060.134~git20231010.17f8588-6.fc40 @updates                                          
obs-studio.x86_64                                    30.2.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                               30.2.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
obs-studio-plugin-browser.x86_64                     30.2.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
obs-studio-plugin-vlc-video.x86_64                   30.2.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
obs-studio-plugin-webkitgtk.x86_64                   0~git20231023.3c0978b-3.fc40                     @fedora                                           
obs-studio-plugin-x264.x86_64                        30.2.2-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             9-3.fc40                                         @fedora                                           
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
ocp.x86_64                                           0.2.109-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
odt2txt.x86_64                                       0.5-13.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-21.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.4.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.4.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-16.fc40                                        @fedora                                           
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
opencv-calib3d.x86_64                                4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-dnn.x86_64                                    4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-features2d.x86_64                             4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-flann.x86_64                                  4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-imgproc.x86_64                                4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-tracking.x86_64                               4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opencv-video.x86_64                                  4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora-cisco-openh264                            
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-34.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
openrgb.x86_64                                       0.9-10.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
openrgb-udev-rules.noarch                            0.9-10.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
openssh.x86_64                                       9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                                          
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                                          
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                                          
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                                          
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.2.2-3.fc40                                   @updates                                          
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.2-3.fc40                                   @updates                                          
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:3.2.2-3.fc40                                   @updates                                          
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.2-3.fc40                                   @updates                                          
opentabletdriver.x86_64                              0.6.4.0-1                                        @@commandline                                     
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
opus.i686                                            1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-12.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
orc.i686                                             0.4.39-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.39-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
orca.noarch                                          46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20240701-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.11.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p11-kit.i686                                         0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p7zip.x86_64                                         16.02-31.fc40                                    @updates                                          
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-31.fc40                                    @updates                                          
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-11.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pam-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-21.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pango.i686                                           1.54.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pango.x86_64                                         1.54.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.54.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
pangomm2.48.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-9.fc40                                     @updates                                          
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
passt.x86_64                                         0^20240906.g6b38f07-1.fc40                       @updates                                          
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20240906.g6b38f07-1.fc40                       @updates                                          
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-24.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   6.1-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-15.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc40.6                                    @anaconda                                         
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.45-1.fc40.6                                    @fedora                                           
pcre2.i686                                           10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
perf.x86_64                                          6.11.4-201.fc40                                  @updates                                          
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-6.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.210-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.209-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                           4.37-6.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-10.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-503.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-10.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-503.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-505.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-29.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-15.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-506.fc40                               @fedora                                           
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-503.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.57-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.47.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.83-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.46-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-38.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.22-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.207-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-12.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-12.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.085-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-17.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0030.03-1.fc40                               @updates                                          
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-503.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20231213-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-38.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-503.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-503.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-504.fc40                                  @updates                                          
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-503.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-502.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-504.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                            1.17-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-21.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-503.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9775-502.fc40                                @fedora                                           
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-5.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-14.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-9.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.28-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-39.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                               0.81-49.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-506.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-506.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-506.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-502.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-502.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-53.fc40                                        @fedora                                           
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-506.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.36-503.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.68-502.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
phonon-backend-vlc-common.noarch                     0.12.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
phonon-common.noarch                                 4.12.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
phonon-qt6.x86_64                                    4.12.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
phonon-qt6-backend-vlc.x86_64                        0.12.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.3.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
piper.noarch                                         0.7-7.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
pipewire.i686                                        1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-libs.i686                                   1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pixman.i686                                          0.43.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pixman.x86_64                                        0.43.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.43.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.3-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.1.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.1.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
plasma-activities.x86_64                             6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
plasma-activities-stats.x86_64                       6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                       6.2.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
playerctl.x86_64                                     2.4.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
playerctl-libs.x86_64                                2.4.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                                @updates                                          
podman.x86_64                                        5:5.2.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.7-3.fc40                                       @updates                                          
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.7-3.fc40                                       @updates                                          
polkit.x86_64                                        124-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   124-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-28.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
polkit-qt6-1.x86_64                                  0.200.0-1.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
poppler.x86_64                                       24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
poppler-qt6.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-12.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.23-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-20.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
publicsuffix-list.noarch                             20240107-3.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 16.1-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pulseaudio-qt-qt6.x86_64                             1.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.15.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.15.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
pystring.x86_64                                      1.1.3-9.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.3.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.10-11.fc40                                  @updates                                          
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.12-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-aiodns.noarch                                3.0.0-10.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-aiohttp.x86_64                               3.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-aiohttp+speedups.x86_64                      3.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-aiosignal.noarch                             1.3.1-13.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-alsa.x86_64                                  1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-annotated-types.noarch                       0.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-anyio.noarch                                 3.7.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-13.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.5.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-attrs.noarch                                 23.2.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.16.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.10.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.35.46-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.35.46-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-99.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cairo-devel.x86_64                           1.25.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-4.fc40                                @fedora                                           
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.16.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-click-plugins.noarch                         1.1.1-19.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-colorama.noarch                              0.4.6-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-50.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          41.0.7-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-cssselect.noarch                             1.1.0-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-6.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-13.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-12.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-dns.noarch                                   2.6.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-dotenv.noarch                                1.0.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-dotenv+cli.noarch                            1.0.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-email-validator.noarch                       2.2.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-evdev.x86_64                                 1.7.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-fastapi.noarch                               0.111.1-7.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-fastapi-slim.noarch                          0.111.1-7.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-15.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.1.4-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-frozenlist.x86_64                            1.4.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-gobject-devel.x86_64                         3.48.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-h11.noarch                                   0.14.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-httpcore.noarch                              1.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-httptools.x86_64                             0.6.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-httpx.noarch                                 0.26.0-12.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-10.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
python3-inkex.noarch                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-25.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.52-3.fc40                                      @updates                                          
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.7-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.7-2.fc40                                       @updates                                          
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.2.3-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-markdown.noarch                              3.5.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-markdown-it-py.noarch                        3.0.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-mdurl.noarch                                 0.1.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-moddb.noarch                                 0.11.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-multidict.x86_64                             6.0.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-multipart.noarch                             0.0.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.47.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.26.4-3.fc40                                  @updates                                          
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-orjson.x86_64                                3.10.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.2-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-pam.noarch                                   2.0.2-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.7.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pillow.x86_64                                10.3.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-pip.noarch                                   23.3.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-23.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.7-3.fc40                                       @updates                                          
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-progressbar2.noarch                          3.53.2-11.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
python3-protobuf.x86_64                              3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             23.2.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pycares.x86_64                               4.3.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-14.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-pydantic.noarch                              2.8.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-pydantic+email.noarch                        2.8.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-pydantic-core.x86_64                         2.20.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                1.14.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.17.2-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.1.2-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-pypresence.noarch                            4.3.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.13.0-3.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.5-8.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-11.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.10-11.fc40                                  @updates                                          
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.4.28-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
python3-requests.noarch                              2.31.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-33.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-rich.noarch                                  13.7.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        14-10.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                                      @updates                                          
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                           0.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-rpmautospec-core.noarch                      0.1.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.10.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.38.2-8.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.0.3-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-shellingham.noarch                           1.5.4-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-14.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
python3-sniffio.noarch                               1.3.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-starlette.noarch                             0.40.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-9.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.12.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-typer.noarch                                 0.11.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-typer+all.noarch                             0.11.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-ujson.x86_64                                 5.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.21.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.20-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.20-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
python3-utils.noarch                                 3.7.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
python3-uvicorn.noarch                               0.23.2-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-uvicorn+standard.noarch                      0.23.2-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-uvloop.x86_64                                0.19.0-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-watchfiles.x86_64                            0.20.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-websockets.x86_64                            12.0-3.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                       2.8.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
python3-xlrd.noarch                                  2.0.1-15.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
python3-yarl.x86_64                                  1.9.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qadwaitadecorations-qt5.x86_64                       0.1.5-7.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qadwaitadecorations-qt6.x86_64                       0.1.5-7.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qca-qt6.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
qca-qt6-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.8-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-rutabaga.x86_64   2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:8.2.7-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qgnomeplatform-common.noarch                         0.9.2-18.fc40                                    @updates                                          
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.2-18.fc40                                    @updates                                          
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.2-18.fc40                                    @updates                                          
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
qt-settings.noarch                                   40.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.17-9.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.15-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.7.2-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.7.2-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.7.2-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtpdf.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtpositioning.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtquick3d.x86_64                                 6.7.2-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtquicktimeline.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtserialport.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtspeech.x86_64                                  6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtspeech-flite.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
qt6ct.x86_64                                         0.9-8.fc40                                       @updates                                          
qtkeychain-qt5.x86_64                                0.14.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                    1.4-7.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
ranger.noarch                                        1.9.3-14.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-43.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-28.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
rav1e-libs.i686                                      0.7.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
raylib.x86_64                                        5.0-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
raylib-debuginfo.x86_64                              5.0-3.fc40                                       @fedora-debuginfo                                 
raylib-debugsource.x86_64                            5.0-3.fc40                                       @fedora-debuginfo                                 
raylib-devel.x86_64                                  5.0-3.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-19.fc40                               @updates                                          
readline.i686                                        8.2-8.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
recode.x86_64                                        3.7.14-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-26.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             288-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-37.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
remmina.x86_64                                       1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
remmina-plugins-exec.x86_64                          1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
remmina-plugins-rdp.x86_64                           1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
remmina-plugins-secret.x86_64                        1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
remmina-plugins-vnc.x86_64                           1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
ripgrep.x86_64                                       14.1.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-36.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.7-1.rc1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.6-7.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        40-1                                             @@commandline                                     
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     40-1                                             @@commandline                                     
rpmfusion-nonfree-release-tainted.noarch             40-1                                             @rpmfusion-nonfree                                
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                                          
rsync.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-63.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.3-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
rustup.x86_64                                        1.27.1-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
rutabaga-gfx-ffi.x86_64                              0.1.2-3.20230913gitc3ad0e43e.fc40                @fedora                                           
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.29-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
sbsigntools.x86_64                                   0.9.5-6.fc40                                     @updates                                          
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-30.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
screen.x86_64                                        4.9.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-8.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                     1.4.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.3-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.3-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
selinux-policy.noarch                                40.28-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       40.28-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
setup.noarch                                         2.14.5-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.48-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-63.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-4.fc40                                  @updates                                          
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.15.1-4.fc40                                  @updates                                          
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-5.fc40                                       @updates                                          
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                                           @anaconda                                         
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                                           @anaconda                                         
signon.x86_64                                        8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40                     @fedora                                           
signon-kwallet-extension.x86_64                      24.08.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                          0.25^20231216.fab6988-2.fc40                     @fedora                                           
signon-qt6.x86_64                                    8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40                     @fedora                                           
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
simple-scan.x86_64                                   46.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
skopeo.x86_64                                        1:1.16.1-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
slurp.x86_64                                         1.5.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
snapshot.x86_64                                      46.3-3.fc40                                      @updates                                          
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
sos.noarch                                           4.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-21.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
sox.x86_64                                           14.4.2.0-38.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-15.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.12.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                                          
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
speedtest.noarch                                     1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-6.fc40                                    @updates                                          
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2024.3-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                  3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-7.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-29.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-10.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
strace.x86_64                                        6.10-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
stress.x86_64                                        1.0.7-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
sushi.x86_64                                         46.0-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
svt-av1-libs.i686                                    2.1.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.9.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.9.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.9.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.9.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
sysbench.x86_64                                      1.0.20-13.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
systemd.x86_64                                       255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-container.x86_64                             255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-libs.i686                                    255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  255.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-10.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
tbb.x86_64                                           2021.11.0-5.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.13-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                                         
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.5-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-7.fc40                                      @updates                                          
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
tepl.x86_64                                          6.8.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-82.fc40                              @updates                                          
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5.6-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
thrift.x86_64                                        0.15.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.14.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.14.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
tinyxml2.x86_64                                      9.0.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20241017-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.13-3.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
tmux.x86_64                                          3.5a-2.fc40                                      @updates                                          
tomlplusplus.x86_64                                  3.4.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.6-1.fc40                                  @updates                                          
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                                          
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.6-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
tracker.x86_64                                       3.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
transmission.x86_64                                  4.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
transmission-common.x86_64                           4.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
transmission-gtk.x86_64                              4.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.22.5-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-10.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
turbojpeg.x86_64                                     3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-5.fc40                                     @updates                                          
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
unar.x86_64                                          1.10.8-5.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.21.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.21.1-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   16.0.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
unifont-fonts.noarch                                 15.0.01-4.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
unixODBC.i686                                        2.3.12-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.12-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
unrar.x86_64                                         7.0.7-1.fc40                                     @rpmfusion-nonfree                                
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-63.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                                          
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-11.fc40                                 @anaconda                                         
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-2.fc40                  @anaconda                                         
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
usrsctp.x86_64                                       1:0.9.5.0-8.fc40                                 @fedora                                           
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.23.0-4.fc40                                  @updates                                          
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              65-2.fc40                                        @anaconda                                         
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                                           
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.1.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
vlc-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.21-7.fc40                                  @updates                                          
vlc-plugin-pipewire.x86_64                           3-2.fc40                                         @fedora                                           
vlc-plugins-base.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-7.fc40                                  @updates                                          
vlc-plugins-freeworld.x86_64                         3.0.21-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
vmaf-models.noarch                                   2.3.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-20.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-21.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-47.svn550.fc40                             @anaconda                                         
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-2.git5b9e7e4c.fc40                      @anaconda                                         
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.76.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
vte291.x86_64                                        0.76.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.3.296.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.296.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.7.0-3.fc40                                     @updates                                          
waybar.x86_64                                        0.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.23.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.38-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.46.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
webkit2gtk4.1-devel.x86_64                           2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.46.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         1.3-1.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
webrtc-audio-processing0.3.x86_64                    0.3.1-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
wget2.x86_64                                         2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                                          
which.x86_64                                         2.21-41.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
wine-alsa.i686                                       9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-alsa.x86_64                                     9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-common.noarch                                   9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-core.i686                                       9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-core.x86_64                                     9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-filesystem.noarch                               9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-pulseaudio.i686                                 9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
wine-pulseaudio.x86_64                               9.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
winetricks.noarch                                    20230212-3.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-1.fc40                                @anaconda                                         
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.2.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
wlroots.x86_64                                       0.18.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wlroots0.17.x86_64                                   0.17.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wmctrl.x86_64                                        1.07-36.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-19.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
wofi.x86_64                                          1.4.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
words.noarch                                         3.0-45.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-3.fc40                                    @updates                                          
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-1.fc40                                       @updates                                          
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.164-13.20231001git31e19f92.fc40                @rpmfusion-free                                   
x265.x86_64                                          3.6-2.fc40                                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.6-2.fc40                                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                           
xapps.x86_64                                         2.8.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-4.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xcb-util-errors.x86_64                               1.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                                          
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland.x86_64                   1:1.3.8-1.fc40                                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xdotool.x86_64                                       1:3.20211022.1-5.fc40                            @fedora                                           
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.3-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.18.3-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.5.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-4.fc40                                         @anaconda                                         
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.41-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-63.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-1.fc40                                   @updates                                          
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.4.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-38.fc40                                      @fedora                                           
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2024.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                                          
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                        1.20.14-35.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-35.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-35.fc40                                  @updates                                          
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-6.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xset.x86_64                                          1.2.5-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
xterm.x86_64                                         389-2.fc40                                       @fedora                                           
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.1.785-1.fc40                                 @updates                                          
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                                          
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
xz-libs.i686                                         1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @fedora                                           
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                                         
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.7.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                                           
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2024.09.27-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2024.09.27-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
yt-dlp-fish-completion.noarch                        2024.09.27-1.fc40                                @updates                                          
yum.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
yyjson.x86_64                                        0.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                                         
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-30.fc40                                  @fedora                                           
zig-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-2.fc40                                         @fedora                                           
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-40.fc40                                      @anaconda                                         
zlib-ng.x86_64                                       2.1.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zlib-ng-compat.i686                                  2.1.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.1.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.1.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-11.fc40                                    @updates                                          
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc40                                    @updates                                          
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                                          
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.42-1.fc40                                    @updates                                          
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                                         
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                                         
